docs/building.md, before:

# Building

The distribution package is compiled against 64-bit Linux. However, the application should build for any Go runtime target. GCC is required with CGO if building with SQLite support which is currently the default.

## Requirements

- Go 1.7+
- GCC (if compiling with SQLite)
- SQLite dev libraries (if compiling with SQLite)

## Customizing the build

The build can be customized by which database backends are compiled. This is controlled using the following build tags:

- `dball` (default): Compile all database backends.
- `dbmysql`: Compile the MySQL database backend.
- `dbsqlite`: Compile the SQLite database backend. Requires GCC and SQLite dev libraries.

Example building only MySQL: `BUILDTAGS=dbmysql make`. Or without CGO: `CGO_ENABLED=0 BUILDTAGS=dbmysql make`.

## Make Commands

All the instructions below assume you've cloned the repo and have `cd`ed into it.

### make

Run the test suite and build both components.

### make management

Build only the web management interface.

### make dhcp

Build only the DHCP server.

### make doc

Start a local godoc server.

### make fmt

Run `go fmt`.

### make test

Run test suite.

### make coverage

Run coverage tests.

### make benchmark

Run benchmarks.

### make lint

Run `golint`. Requires `github.com/golang/lint` to be installed: `go get github.com/golang/lint/golint`

### make vet

Run `go vet`.

### make dist

This command will create a distributable tar file. The version number is determined by the latest git tag and commit. The new tar file will be in the dist folder. It can be extracted using `tar -xzf $path_to_file`. This will extract the archive into the folder `packet-guardian` in the current directory. For example, if you're in the folder `/opt` and run the tar command, Packet Guardian will be located at `/etc/packet-guardian`.

### make clean

Clean up built binaries, logs, session data, etc.

### make docker

Build the Packet Guardian Docker image.

Commit message:

Use webpack and babel to build JavaScript files
Finally stepping into the modern JS world. All the JS
files have been converted into modules or "entry" files.
Each page has and entry JS file. Only the JavaScript is
processed by Webpack.

Added build steps, `npm install && npm run build:prod`.

docs/building.md, after:

# Building

The distribution package is compiled against 64-bit Linux. However, the application should build for any Go runtime target.

## Requirements

- Go 1.7+
- NPM

## TLDR;

```shell
# Build the static assets
npm install
npm run build:prod

# Build the application binary
make
```

## Customizing the build

The build can be customized by which database backends are compiled. This is controlled using the following build tags:

- `dball` (default): Compile all database backends.
- `dbmysql`: Compile the MySQL database backend.

Example building only MySQL: `BUILDTAGS=dbmysql make`. Or without CGO: `CGO_ENABLED=0 BUILDTAGS=dbmysql make`.

## Make Commands

All the instructions below assume you've cloned the repo and have `cd`ed into it.

### make

Run the test suite and build both components.

### make management

Build only the web management interface.

### make dhcp

Build only the DHCP server.

### make doc

Start a local godoc server.

### make fmt

Run `go fmt`.

### make test

Run test suite.

### make coverage

Run coverage tests.

### make benchmark

Run benchmarks.

### make lint

Run `golint`. Requires `github.com/golang/lint` to be installed: `go get github.com/golang/lint/golint`

### make vet

Run `go vet`.

### make dist

This command will create a distributable tar file. The version number is determined by the latest git tag and commit. The new tar file will be in the dist folder. It can be extracted using `tar -xzf $path_to_file`. This will extract the archive into the folder `packet-guardian` in the current directory. For example, if you're in the folder `/opt` and run the tar command, Packet Guardian will be located at `/etc/packet-guardian`.

### make clean

Clean up built binaries, logs, session data, etc.

### make docker

Build the Packet Guardian Docker image.
