docs/installation.md, before:

# Installation

For instructions on setting up the full captive portal stack, please see the [Full Stack](full-stack.md) documentation.

## Automatic Installation (recommended)

1. Get a copy of the distribution package from the Github releases page.
2. Untar it to /opt.
3. Run `scripts/install.sh`
4. Edit the configurations as needed. See the related documentation for each format.
5. Start Packet Guardian

```bash
# Run as root
$ cd /opt
$ wget https://github.com/usi-lfkeitel/packet-guardian/releases/latest/pg-dist-$VERSION.tar.gz
$ tar -xzf pg-dist-$VERSION.tar.gz
$ cd packet-guardian
$ ./scripts/install.sh
```

The install script will place the configuration files in `/etc/packet-guardian`, the SQLite database at `/var/lib/packet-guardian/database.sqlite3`, and the log files at `/var/log/packet-guardian`. Edit the files in `/etc/packet-guardian` to suit your environment. The file config-pg.toml will be read by the webserver component and config-dhcp.toml will be read by the DHCP server. config-dhcp.toml is basically a stripped down version of the full config. You can use the same configuration for both binaries, but you will need to edit the Upstart/Systemd service files to do so.

## Manually

Before going to much further, it is highly recommended that you use the automatic installation script. It will ensure everything is set up correctly and in its proper place. Only use the manual method if you absolutely have to.

1. Get a copy of the distribution package from the Github releases page.
2. Extract the tarball to a directory. It will create a packet-guardian folder when extracted.
3. The configuration files are located in the config directory. There are sample files for the webserver component and the DHCP component. It's recommended to copy the sample files and edit as needed. The .toml files are the given to the binary at runtime. The dhcp-config.conf file is where the DHCP scopes and server settings are defined. See the relevant documentation for those file formats. You WILL NEED to edit the configuration and set the correct paths. The defaults paths assume the installation method is the automatic install script.
4. Initialize the database by running `sqlite3 config/database.sqlite3 < config/db-schema-sqlite.sql`.
4. To start the system, run the following commands with the current directory being the packet-guardian folder extracted earlier: `bin/pg -c $path_to_config` and `bin/dhcp -c $path_to_config`. Both binaries take the .toml file as the -c option. The path to the DHCP scope configuration is defined in the toml file.
5. To setup AppArmor or run the binaries as services, please read the [Additional Installation](additional-installation.md) documentation.

## Configuration file location

The configuration file may be explicitly given to PG at runtime or it will look for the file in a predefined set of directories. The order being:

- The `-c` flag when run from the command line
- The `PG_CONFIG` environment variable - This is how the service files give the configuration file
- `$PWD/config.toml`
- `$PWD/config/config.toml`
- `$HOME/.pg/config.toml`
- `/etc/packet-guardian/config.toml`

If a configuration file isn't found, PG will exit with an error.

Commit message:

Removed need to manually import schema, will be done automatically
At applicaiton start, the database is queried for its table list.
If any table is not created, it will be created. The session table
is managed by the database session store and may not be used so
it's not created in this set. First start up may be a bit slower
due to the table creation, but subsequent starts will be just as fast.
This action is one time only on start up and shouldn't impact overall
performance.

docs/installation.md, after:

# Installation

For instructions on setting up the full captive portal stack, please see the [Full Stack](full-stack.md) documentation.

## Database Setup

Regardless of which method is used, a database is needed to save data. If you're using an SQLite database, no extra action is needed as the file will be created at first run.

If you're going to use MySQL, you will need create a table for Packet Guardian before starting it. The application will create the tables as needed. Make sure to set the correct settings in the configuration file.

## Automatic Installation (recommended)

1. Get a copy of the distribution package from the Github releases page.
2. Untar it to /opt.
3. Run `scripts/install.sh`
4. Edit the configurations as needed. See the related documentation for each format.
5. Start Packet Guardian

```bash
# Run as root
$ cd /opt
$ wget https://github.com/usi-lfkeitel/packet-guardian/releases/latest/pg-dist-$VERSION.tar.gz
$ tar -xzf pg-dist-$VERSION.tar.gz
$ cd packet-guardian
$ ./scripts/install.sh
```

The install script will place the configuration files in `/etc/packet-guardian`, the SQLite database at `/var/lib/packet-guardian/database.sqlite3`, and the log files at `/var/log/packet-guardian`. Edit the files in `/etc/packet-guardian` to suit your environment. The file config-pg.toml will be read by the webserver component and config-dhcp.toml will be read by the DHCP server. config-dhcp.toml is basically a stripped down version of the full config. You can use the same configuration for both binaries, but you will need to edit the Upstart/Systemd service files to do so.

## Manually

Before going to much further, it is highly recommended that you use the automatic installation script. It will ensure everything is set up correctly and in its proper place. Only use the manual method if you absolutely have to.

1. Get a copy of the distribution package from the Github releases page.
2. Extract the tarball to a directory. It will create a packet-guardian folder when extracted.
3. The configuration files are located in the config directory. There are sample files for the webserver component and the DHCP component. It's recommended to copy the sample files and edit as needed. The .toml files are the given to the binary at runtime. The dhcp-config.conf file is where the DHCP scopes and server settings are defined. See the relevant documentation for those file formats. You WILL NEED to edit the configuration and set the correct paths. The defaults paths assume the installation method is the automatic install script.
4. To start the system, run the following commands with the current directory being the packet-guardian folder extracted earlier: `bin/pg -c $path_to_config` and `bin/dhcp -c $path_to_config`. Both binaries take the .toml file as the -c option. The path to the DHCP scope configuration is defined in the toml file.
5. To setup AppArmor or run the binaries as services, please read the [Additional Installation](additional-installation.md) documentation.

## Configuration file location

The configuration file may be explicitly given to PG at runtime or it will look for the file in a predefined set of directories. The order being:

- The `-c` flag when run from the command line
- The `PG_CONFIG` environment variable - This is how the service files give the configuration file
- `$PWD/config.toml`
- `$PWD/config/config.toml`
- `$HOME/.pg/config.toml`
- `/etc/packet-guardian/config.toml`

If a configuration file isn't found, PG will exit with an error.
